A ten-year-old girl saved about 100 other tourists in 2004 by warning them that as tsunami,
a huge ocean wave was on its way across the sea.
She knew what was happening because she learnt about underwater earthquakes at school, only
a few weeks earlier, a newspaper reported.
I was on the beach and the water started to go funny.
Tilly Smith told the reporter from the newspaper.
There were bubbles and the water went back suddenly.
I knew there was going to be a tsunami.
I told Mum.
She said.
Tilly's mother and the hotel workers acted quickly.
They cleared people from the beach just minutes before a huge wave reached the land.
Luckily no one died.
Tilly's teacher was very proud of her.
She's a very clever girl.
It is very lucky that our class were learning about this kind of tsunami just two weeks before
Christmas.
He told the newspaper.